I want to do something fun you might
need to just go to sleep because it
might be if you awake you might
interfere with the process cuz sometimes
when we awake we try to help God out we
try to do legwork for God muscle work
for God sometimes you just look at your
names to just take a chill pill go to
sleep go to sleep so God can give you
this miracle go to sleep so God can give
you a new day go to sleep so you can get
to the next chapter go to sleep before
you interfere and mess up the process
Lukesh name is how many processes have
we messed up Peter was sleeping between
two soldiers bound with two chains and
the keepers before the door kept the
prison here we go verse 7 this is
amazing behold the angel of the Lord
came upon him and a light shine in the
prison
your prison
your situation your circumstance and
your trouble is not off limits to God I
don't care how dark i don't care how
severe I don't care how painful it's
just right for God he's already set your
day no at that time he gonna bring you
out all you got to do is do what you
know you're supposed to keep worshiping
and kick right on brace keep on dance
and keep on living to be faithful to the
house of God keep on giving do what God
told you to do so he can do what he told
you he was gonna do he gonna keep his
end of the bargain if you can just keep
you know I have mercy whoa hallelujah in
prison now they got him fooled by foot
by foot and then two chains and Here
Come his golf not bound by the soldiers
and not bound by the chain not bound by
location lord have mercy know exactly
where your troubling is shown up Costa
Bible say church was praying without
ceasing lord have mercy prayer shine the
light in the cell where Peter was
located and it dropped an angel how you
doing Peter then focus over then
abundant was praying couldn't find you
today started praying I gone soon they
started praying we started seeing light
pathway got straight crooked pans were
made straight so soon as they got the
prayer we was here well watch this
I light shine in the prison for seven
and he's smoked peed on the side and
raised him up saying I rise up quickly
something I need to understand God want
to do something quickly don't want to do
something quickly I rise up quickly see
and his chain watch this and his chains
felt awesome as I don't understand the
scripture because you already told me
you raised him up he said I raised him
up but his chains head and fellow God
can raise you up and then your mindset
not be checked changed and you still be
bound lord have mercy raise them up but
the change was still on him then when he
heard the word the word broke the chain
or adds up quickly cuz sometimes you can
go through something so long until you
think you're in a dream you can go
through something so long until you then
gave up you done threw in the towel you
ain't got prophecy you ain't got promise
you ain't seen nothing full field you've
been waiting and focus looking for your
God to do what he said and now all of a
sudden the light I don't know where God
shine light on you on the day you were
sleeping and wasn't expected God showed
up on your job showed up at the bank
showed up at the car lock showed up they
wasn't gonna let it go but they had to
because God showed up but because
somebody was preying on your behalf
don't you think it just happened
somebody was making prayer without
ceasing you here because somebody called
your name oh my god
we just having this little Sunday School
lesson here the angel said unto Him gird
yourself vine on your sandals and he
said unto him cast our garments about
thee and follow me woo you in prayer you
got to be able to receive instruction
lord have mercy and follow the
instruction without back toe come see
week so logically analyst we tried it
really didn't work the land seek
remember we had we tried that the land
see what you remember the song so did
that answer you can't not God in a
matchbox because how he did it then may
not be how he want to do it now uh-huh
that means you're gonna have to forget
your past